Goal.The dream begins  is a movie directed by Danny cannon. The contents in the movie makes us to think no to give up
On dreams. The Mexican kid who enters Los Angeles in a illegal way yo improvish his lifestyle. The kid loves to play soccer
But his father don't support his dream , because of his poverty,But his grandmother supports him. The young boy santiago munney 
was playing for the local club in Los Angeles. His talent impressed the scout of the newcastle United team from London. He called 
for a tryout for the famous club in London, but his father refused because of his poverty,His father tooks his savings to make him work
in the Los Angeles, but his grandmother helped him to go for london, He flewed to London, and he stayed with the help of his scout
He went for tryouts, he failed in his first tryouts,he couldn't play by mind, then his scout helped to make him stay for one month. 
The newcastle manager supports him and look into his effort.Then he was Selected for newcastle reserve teams. Santiago had asthma(breathing issues) 
But he didn't inform his team, before entering into the match, his teammate broke his inhaling equipment he couldn't perform the game he was advised to go to Mexico , 
he said goodbye to his girlfriend and his scout,The tired santiago decided to fly to Los Angeles, while he was going by taxi the luck met him,He met the starplayer of the newcastle United 
club and he said his issues and his difficulties faced in the club. The star player Harris explained the manager about his problem faced in the club and his breathing issues problem.
The manager helped him to play again, 
Then santiago performed well in the midfielder role and he selected for the big team,by that time he got a call from his family  and he got a tragic news that his dad pastaway due to heart attack.
The young santiago heart broken, he gone to the airport to see his father, in the boarding time he thought not to give up on his dreams
And he went to the club again and said this to the manager, and he played for the newcastle club he performed well in the critical match against Liverpool 
His assist in the game made to win the match and he performed well in the other games and made his dream succeed, in between he faced issues in the media for attending the party 
Which made him to convince his manager and his girlfriend. 
The lessons I learnt from this movie :
      *not to give on dreams 
      *not to get tired of failures
      *positive thinking and make positive friends and positive atmosphere  
       around us
      *self discipline -it helps the young boy to impress the scout , manager of the newcastle United 
       The scout Glenn played the major role in his career. 

 




